[dev2] Custom commands (#25)
conan-io/examples2: README.md

### [How to create your first Conan package](tutorial/creating_packages/first_package/)

- Learn how to create a simple "Hello World" Conan package using the ``conan new`` command. [Docs](https://docs.conan.io/en/2.0-alpha/tutorial/creating_packages/create_your_first_package.html)

### Creating packages

### [How to create your first Conan package](tutorial/creating_packages/first_package/)

- Learn how to create a simple "Hello World" Conan package using the ``conan new`` command. [Docs](https://docs.conan.io/en/2.0-alpha/tutorial/creating_packages/create_your_first_package.html)

> 

Reviewer: this is duplicated

### [How to create a Conan package for prebuilt binaries in a remote](tutorial/creating_packages/prebuilt_remote_binaries/)

- Learn how to create a Conan package when we have prebuilt libraries located in a remote repository. [Docs](https://docs.conan.io/en/2.0-alpha/tutorial/creating_packages/other_types_of_packages/package_prebuilt_binaries.html#downloading-and-packaging-pre-built-binaries)

## Examples

### [Use custom commands in your Conan CLI](examples/extensions/commands/)

- Learn how to create custom commands in Conan. [Docs](https://docs.conan.io/en/2.0-alpha/reference/commands/custom_commands.html)

#### [clean:revisions command](examples/extensions/commands/clean/cmd_revisions.py)

> - ``conan clean:revisions`` command: Deletes (from local cache or remotes) all recipe and package revisions but the latest package revision from the latest recipe revision. [Docs](https://docs.conan.io/en/2.0-alpha/examples/extensions/commands/clean/custom_command_clean_revisions.html)

Reviewer: This should be just one entry to the examples, you can use a subtitle to group the custom commands, but I think there's no need now as we have just one

#### [How to create a Conan package for prebuilt binaries in a remote](tutorial/creating_packages/other_packages/prebuilt_remote_binaries/)

- Learn how to create a Conan package when we have prebuilt libraries located in a remote repository. [Docs](https://docs.conan.io/en/2.0/tutorial/creating_packages/other_types_of_packages/package_prebuilt_binaries.html#downloading-and-packaging-pre-built-binaries)

## Examples

### [Use custom commands in your Conan CLI](examples/extensions/commands/)

> - Learn how to create custom commands in Conan. [Docs](https://docs.conan.io/en/2.0-alpha/reference/commands/custom_commands.html)
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Learn how to create custom commands in Conan. [Docs](https://docs.conan.io/en/2.0/examples/extensions/commands/clean/custom_command_clean_revisions.html)

```
